Refactor readme (#45)
HewlettPackard/c-spiffe: README.md

## Introduction

> [SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/) stands for Seurity Identity Framewor for Evertyone and is a set for securely identifying system in dynamic and heteregeous environment. Please refer to https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/overview/ for more information.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[SPIFFE](https://spiffe.io/) stands for Security Identity Framework for Everyone and is a set for securely identifying system in dynamic and heterogeneous environment. Please refer to https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/overview/ for more information.  
```

> C-spiffe is a extension for Spiffe that allows any [workload](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#workload) written C, C++ or even any language witch can import a .so library, access [Workload API](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#spiffe-workload-api) and establish a mTLS connection.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C-spiffe is an extension for Spiffe that allows any [workload](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#workload) written C, C++ or even any other language which can import a .so library, access [Workload API](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#spiffe-workload-api) and establish a mTLS connection.  
```

> The image above shows a a example, where a C/C++ Workload imports the c-spiffe library in order to fetch a [SVID](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#spiffe-verifiable-identity-document-svid) and use it to establish a mTLS connection with another Workload, that can be implemented using another language, following Spiffe specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image above shows an example, where a C/C++ Workload imports the c-spiffe library in order to fetch a [SVID](https://spiffe.io/docs/latest/spiffe-about/spiffe-concepts/#spiffe-verifiable-identity-document-svid) and use it to establish a mTLS connection with another Workload, that can be implemented using another language, following Spiffe specification.
```

* **infra** Container orchestration for tests environment
* **integration_test** Source code for automated test
* **internal** Souce code for internal module
* **protos** Source code for gRPC protos
* **spiffeid** Sour code for spiffeid module
* **spiffetls** Source code for spiffetls module
* **svid** Source code for SVID module
* **utils** Source code for utility functions
* **workload** Source code for workload

### Remarkable files

* [CMakeList.txt](CMakeLists.txt) Main build configuration file. Each source folder also has its own CMake file.
* [README.md](README.md) This README.
* [LICENSE](LICENSE) Project license
* [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) Instructions how to build c-spiffe in your system
* [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) Guide how to contribute c-spiffe project

<!--TODO: List all folders with its contents -->

## Using C-Spiffe

### Installing

#### Install from source
Reffer to [BUILDING.md](BUILDING.md) 

#### Install on system

We are planning to deliver installers for main Linux distro, but at this moment, only building from source is supported.

### Basic usage

Refer to [Examples](workload/src/EXAMPLE.md) for more information.

> ## Intial Contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initial Contributors
```
